feat(grammar): support 'for' statements (#868)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

Changelog
*********

5.8.0 (upcoming)
----------------

Application
===========

> - Add a new ``for`` statement for advanced grammar to select against a platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the ``for`` selector to the YAML grammar. With it, crafters can set different 
  values depending on the active platform.
```

I have mixed feelings about "select against".

We can drop "YAML" if it feels redundant.
